We are living in a world where things are not the way we want. We are living in a world where things are not the way we want. We are living in a world where things are not the way we want. We are living in a world where things are not the way we want. We are living in a world where things are not the way we want.
We are living in a world where things are not the way we want.
We are getting a system.
We're getting a world which is unequal, which is sexist, which is racist.
We have systems that are discriminating against people.
Our climate, our environment is at risk.
And there's so much that needs to be done.
I hope that young people, they stand up, they raise their voices, they start their activism right now.
Let your age not stop you.
Oftentimes we're told that, you know, you have to be 40 and 50 to change the world.
I do not believe in that.
I think you can be a change maker right now if you are 11, if
you are 16, if you are, you know, 30, 40, change is possible anytime.
And I want you to believe in yourself and make this world a
fairer, more equal and a better place for each and every one.